fix for difftime (#1532)
tidyverse/dbplyr: NEWS.md

# dbplyr (development version)

> * Fix for incorrect translation of difftime for Postgres, SQL server, Redshift, and Snowflake (@edward-burn, #1532) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Translations of `difftime()` for Postgres, SQL server, Redshift, and Snowflake
  previously returned the wrong sign and are now correct (@edward-burn, #1532). 
```

Mostly just [tidyverse style](https://style.tidyverse.org/news.html), but also clarifying what was "fixed"!

Author: @simonpcouch just committed suggestion (sorry thought I already had done)
